take a good look at this xr6 turbo you
think it's a stocker well think again
with 10 second time slips and over five
hundred kilowatts at the wheels this is
one you that's one fast sleeper alright
when I'm still on a motto and this is my
exhausted further as a hardcore v8 fan
Dion dick previously owned a late model
GT but having played God with some of
these customers and xr6 turbo Falcons
who quickly realized that he needed a
change one in the form of the vixen read
you well this car feels and drives
pretty much like a standard car a
designated build program was quickly
devised and it's centered around
increasing the falcons power output and
lowering the quarter mile times it's
been a gradual process so far and
without a doubt the highlight has been
the low 10 second pass after the car had
reached the 10 second pass as a genuine
street car we've decided to go all out
and improve the times down to 10.2 under
the bonnet there's nothing out of the
ordinary it's all designed to look stock
as a rock deion has developed a package
that looks as much at home in his
10-second streeter as it would in a Ford
UK showroom the changes are so subtle
that you'd really need to know what to
look for to spot them making around five
hundred kilowatts meant that the engines
internal is needed
the Garrett GT 3540 turbos fury specific
modifications such as bigger rods
operated valve springs and engine
balancing ensure that we further
development the car engine will take
whatever Dion throws out the other plans
that we've thought of maybe the change
the transmission to maybe a three speed
or a two speed would definitely like to
improve the rear end to something like a
nine-inch and last but not least would
probably like to put a larger turbo on
it but we still don't really want to
sacrifice our drivability we hope now
one of the hidden power secrets to the
mighty xr6 turbo is the exhaust Dion
fitted the youth with a massive three
and a half inch mild steel shotgun
system specifically designed to flow as
much as possible
in addition to the engine hardware d on
his retune the factory ECU and added 125
horsepower shot of nitrous oxide the
first memorable moment of the car was
running the 1098 at 124 a colder the
transmission is a modified factory BTR
four-speed auto complete with tricked up
2800 RPM stall converter and the diff as
still as is from the Ford factory whilst
normally seen wearing the factory rims
on the street beyond has opted for a set
of Maxwell lightweight alloy rims when
he hits the track combined with a set of
Mickey Thompson radial et Street tires
they certainly helped the card to leave
the lionheart the hardest part of our
building his car was getting all the
earth market items and the tune to work
as one since he's only interested in
drag racing to you deonna's left the
factory for braking and suspension
components untouched and essentially
he's not too fast anyway as he believes
that the factory ABS system she'll be
adequate if things get scary at the top
end I actually drive this car every day
and the only time because of not being
driven is when I have the transmission
out before it has on the outside there's
nothing that it makes you think that the
Ute is a fast one aside from the company
graphics he prefers to keep it the way
forward intended it to look the same
applies to the interior which only plays
host to a loan aftermarket boost gauge
whilst the xr6 is a proven ten-second
warrior Dion tells us that with the
current setup it's a real pussycat in
traffic and pitbull on the quarter-mile
and considering that he uses a disease
worker wouldn't you want it to be when
I've been driving on the road most
people presume that it's a standard
exciting turbo till they give me a bit
of a lineup and I pass them better
hundred 20k sideways and then they let
me get their attention so take T ons car
into consideration next time you pull up
next to a late-model Falcon at the drags
it may look like every other one but
chances are you might just get a really
good look at the back end as it
disappears into the distance ask around
and anyone will tell you red cars go
faster